You don't get married well
What would you like to do for me?
Suddenly out of breath
I didn't expect you to cry too.
Kiki
What's your trouble?
Senior, I still can't let him go
I want to fight for myself one last time
Sorry senior
I'm going to miss another appointment, so I've made up my mind
Sure enough
You're still the same
Don't hit the south wall and don't look back
So be it.
Let me know when you can't hold on any longer
I'll pick you up.
Thank you, sir.
You deserve better
Don't wait for me, I'd love to
Well, it's my degree anyway
Gone
Welcome back the CEO
Mr. Yan
I have suffered so much during this time
What's more, Miss Gu?
You must seek justice for us.
Well, go back and get justice